<html>
<head>
<title>
latest news
</title>
<body>
<p>
Rise of the Tomb Raider official launch trailer
News - Lara Croft is picking up where her father left off, as she searches for the secret to immortality. Read More
Every outfit in Assassin's Creed Syndicate
News - These are all of the outfits you can find, unlock or craft throughout Assassin's Creed Syndicate. Read More
The best Halloween horror if you're terrified of horror
News - If you like weird, spooky stuff, but don't particularly like being scared, here are some macabre recommendations that might interest you. Read More
Daniel Bryan thinks drinking tea is for dummies
News - Excited to take control of Daniel Bryan in WWE 2K16? Listen to the man tell you how to cut the perfect wrestling promo. Read More
Playing Rayman Adventures on the Apple TV
News - Justin and Lewis play Rayman Adventures on the new Apple TV using its trackpad remote. Read More
How Deus Ex perfected emergent gameplay
News - Deus Ex blew us all away for being more than just a shooter; it immersed us in a world we actually had influence on, and we reminiscence on what those actions meant to us. Read More
Preacher trailer premieres during The Walking Dead
News - The new AMC drama is slated for a mid-2016 premiere. Read More
SPECTRE debut shatters U.K. records, grosses $80.4 million internationally
News - The 24th James Bond film dethroned Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban with its record-breaking debut. Read More
Power Rangers movie will use original character names
News - Lionsgate's Mighty Morphin film will mark the return of Jason, Kimberly, Billy, Zack, and Trini. Read More
Star Wars R2-D2 fridge features a rotating head and hefty price
News - Haier Asia's new remote-controlled mini-fridge sure isn't cheap. Read More
Original Nintendo Entertainment System press release surfaces online
News - According market research, R.O.B. was the prime reason kids in the U.S. wanted Nintendo's first game console. Read More
Worlds: SK Telecom T1 wins League of Legends 2015 championship
News - In a big, explosive game 4 finale, the Korea vs. Korea finale comes to a close. Read More
iPad Pro reportedly going on sale November 11
News - In less than two weeks' time, Apple is expected to release the latest entry in its popular line of tablets. Read More
</p>
</body>
</html>